Apr 22 2023
Safaricom Ethiopia has today announced and awarded the first winners of a Bajaj, and multiple devices in its Terek Begursha national promotion.
The lucky winners include a Bajaj winner from Addis Ababa and smartphones and tablets winners from across the country including:
• Adama• Arbaminch• Arsi• Negele• Assela,• Aweday• Bahir Dar• Dangela• Debre Markos• Dilla• Dire Dawa• Gambella
• Gondar• Harar• Haromaya• Hawassa• Hossana• Jimma• Kombolcha• Mojo• Shahsemene• Somali• Wolaita Sodo
Additionally, 300,000 customers have been awarded daily airtime prizes since the launch of the national promotion on 5thApril 2023.
Kaleb Chibsa, a cameraman from Addis Ababa, emerged as the lucky winner of the first Bajaj prize in the national promotion.
"When the promotion started, I had a feeling I would win because I use my Safaricom line daily for calls and browsing the internet. This week, I received a call from 0700 700 700 and was very happy to be notified by Safaricom that I was the winner of the first Bajaj. It’s a pleasant surprise and I encourage everyone to use their Safaricom lines frequently to stand a chance to win like me," said Kalaeb Chibsa.
"We’re excited to award our first group of customers and to see the diversity of winners from across the country. We still have 6 bajajs, 6 motorbikes, 3 cars and many devices to reward over one million customers for their loyalty. Anyone can win and should increase their chances of winning by joining the 07 network and using their Safaricom lines daily," said Charles Wanjohi, Chief Commercial Business Officer, Safaricom Ethiopia.
The Terek Begursha national promotion is a lucky draw awarding unique codes to customers for buying a Safaricom SIM card, downloading and using WhatsApp, recharging their existing lines with airtime and buying packages.
The national promotion which began two weeks ago seeks to reward customers bi-weekly with 200 Kimem phones, 3 Samsung S21 Phones and 3 Samsung Tablets in addition to the bi-weekly Bajaj and Motorbike prizes, monthly car prize and daily airtime prizes.
Over the next 11 weeks, Safaricom Ethiopia will reward more customers with six Bajajs and motorbikes, three cars, devices and airtime.
The Terek Begursha national promotion runs until July 4th2023 across regions in Ethiopia where the Safaricom network has been switched on.