Apr 13 2022
Safaricom Ethiopia has today announced and awarded the first grand prize winner of a car, winners of a Bajaj, two motorcycles and multiple devices in its national Terek Begursha promotion.
The lucky winners include a car winner from Addis Ababa, a Bajaj winner from Adama, two motorcycle winners from Afar and Dire Dawa and smartphones and tablets winners from across the country including:
Mubarek Surur, from Gurd Shola Addis Ababa, emerged as the lucky winner of the first car prize in the national promotion.
“I have been using my Safaricom line for a while and handed it over to a relative when I went to visit other relatives in a rural area. When 0700 700 700 called, it was my relative who answered the call and notified me that I won. I was so happy when I heard about winning a car! I knew about the ongoing Terek Begursha promotion but the thought of winning the car never crossed my mind, it’s such a pleasant surprise! I encourage everyone to use their Safaricom lines daily to stand a chance to win like me,” said Mubarek Surur.
Naaolii Mahaamad from Adama won the second Bajaj in the national promotion and two motorcycles were awarded to Ashenafi Tadesse Asefa from Dire Dawa and Muktar Mohammed from Afar Region.
“We’re excited to award the second group of customers and to see the growing diversity of winners from across the country. The national promotion continues to reward more customers across the country and we hope these lucky winners show others that they have a shot at winning fantastic prizes like cars, Bajajs, motorcycles, phones and airtime. As a Safaricom customer, you get added value every day when you use our services and anyone can increase their chances of winning by joining the 07 network and using their Safaricom lines daily,” said Biniyam Yohannes, Safaricom Ethiopia Regional Sales Manager, Addis Ababa.
Additionally, 400,000 customers have been awarded daily airtime prizes since the launch of the promotion on 5th April 2023.
The Terek Begursha national promotion is a lucky draw awarding unique codes to customers for buying a Safaricom SIM card, downloading and using WhatsApp, recharging their existing lines with airtime and buying packages.
The national promotion which began one month ago seeks to reward customers with daily airtime prizes, bi-weekly prizes of smartphones, tablets, Bajajs and motorcycles and one monthly grand car prize for three months.
Over the next seven weeks, Safaricom Ethiopia will reward more customers with five Bajajs, five motorcycles, two cars, multiple devices and airtime.
The Terek Begursha national promotion runs until July 4th 2023 across regions in Ethiopia where the Safaricom network has been switched on.