Aug 4 2022
Safaricom Ethiopia has today rolled out a large-scale customer pilot of its network in the Oromia region, starting with Haromaya City.
Customers will be able to purchase SIM cards and choose their preferred numbers on Safaricom Ethiopia’s 07 prefix. The Safaricom Ethiopia SIM cards will come with the welcome offer of Data, Voice and SMS for customers to test and experience the network for one month.
In addition to the welcome package, customers will be able to actively register on the network, purchase airtime vouchers and devices; and access dedicated customer support at the branded shop around Menaheria as well as all branded souks in the city.
On Safaricom Ethiopia’s test network in Haromaya, customers will be able to use data services; make calls and send SMS to Safaricom Ethiopia and Ethio Telecom customers and make international calls worldwide.
Customers in Haromaya will also have the option of accessing customer care services from the call centre in their preferred language (Amharic, Afaan Oromo, Af-Somali, Tigrigna, and English), by dialling 700 to speak to the customer experience agents.
“We are excited to continue our phased city-by-city customer trials in Haromaya city, after the regional network rollout in Dire Dawa city and Harari Region in the last week. This marks yet another milestone as we begin to offer services and continue rigorous service tests in Oromia region, building towards our national launch and serving all of Ethiopia. We thank the Government of Ethiopia; the Mayor of Haromaya City and Regional Government of Oromia; the Ethiopian Communications Authority; network, IT and distribution partners; community leaders; and all stakeholders for all their support towards realizing this and future milestones,” said Anwar Soussa, Chief Executive Officer, Safaricom Ethiopia.
The customer pilot in Haromaya is part of switching on our network and services in 25 cities by April 2023, working in partnership with government, businesses, local communities, and other stakeholders as part of our long-term commitment to transforming lives for a digital future in line with the Digital Ethiopia objectives.