Jan 17 2023
Safaricom Ethiopia has launched a strategic partnership with various banks for mobile airtime top-up service to provide ease and convenience to customers on the 07 network.
In the first phase of integration with partner banks, customers can now access the mobile airtime top-up service through USSD menus and Mobile Apps of Bank of Abyssinia, Awash Bank, and NIB International Bank.
“We are delighted to announce this new mobile airtime top-up service that directly addresses our customers’ needs by introducing a solution that fits into their digital lifestyle. This service will enable our customers to stay connected on Safaricom Ethiopia’s network and go about their daily engagements seamlessly, be it keeping in touch with family and friends or business, using our 4G Data, Voice, and SMS services. We are keen on engaging in more strategic partnerships within the financial and technology industries to further innovate and serve our customers’ needs. The Ethiopian market demands digital solutions on the go, and we believe cross-industry partnerships will continue to shape up a digital ecosystem that delivers convenience, quality, and customer experience wherever and whenever the demand arises,” said Anwar Soussa, CEO, Safaricom Ethiopia.
Customers of Bank of Abyssinia and Awash Bank can top-up their airtime through Mobile applications and USSD Codes (*815# for Bank of Abyssinia and *901# for Awash Bank). Customers of NIB International Bank can use the bank’s mobile application for the service.
Safaricom Ethiopia is also working towards expanding these services through other banks, microfinance institutions and technology companies. Customers will be able to purchase airtime at no charge on either USSD or mobile application options, while still enjoying access to airtime purchases at Safaricom Ethiopia branded shops and souks.
The new mobile airtime-top up service will allow customers to purchase up to 5,000 ETB worth of airtime and enhance their experience across 21 cities: Dire Dawa, Harar, Haramaya, Bahir Dar, Adama, Bishoftu, Mojo, Debre Birhan, Awoday, Gondar, Addis Ababa, Sebeta, Dessie, ​Kombolcha, Jimma, Shashemene, Dilla, Sodo, Jigjiga, Assela and Hawassa.