Feb 25 2025
Safaricom Ethiopia partners with UNICEF’s U-Report platform through a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to offer free SMS services to U-Report members across Ethiopia for one year. This collaboration is a key step in Safaricom’s mission to empower Ethiopian youth, particularly in rural areas, by providing access to crucial information and enhancing communication networks.
U-Report is a global platform designed by UNICEF and partners to engage children, adolescents, and youth on social development issues, including emergency response and advocacy. With over 36.1 million users across 99 countries, U-Report is a powerful tool for driving positive change. In Ethiopia, U-Report was launched in January 2024 in partnership with the Ministry of Women and Social Affairs (MOWSA), with over 17,000 active U-Reporters already participating.
"As a purpose-driven company, Safaricom Ethiopia is committed to empowering the youth of Ethiopia by providing free access to life-changing information. We believe no young person should be held back by financial barriers. Our partnership with UNICEF’s U-Report reflects this commitment, offering critical resources in education, health, and social development. By giving youth the tools to stay informed and engaged, we are helping them shape their futures and become active contributors to their communities. This is more than a service, it’s our way of enabling every young person to thrive”, said Wim Vanhelleputte, CEO of Safaricom Ethiopia.
The partnership will also drive social impact by addressing key issues such as education, health, and emergency response. Furthermore, it will provide essential communication channels during times of crisis, ensuring the dissemination of life-saving information.
“UNICEF is deeply grateful for Safaricom Ethiopia’s generous support in providing free access to information for young people through U-Report,” said Dr. Aboubacar Kampo, UNICEF Representative in Ethiopia. “This partnership ensures that young people not only gain access to essential information but also have their voices heard and positively contribute to the socio-economic development of Ethiopia and their community. We would like to appreciate Safaricom for providing a zero rate access to the U-Report Platform and an access of free SMS that enables Youth in the rural area and has no access for smart phones to participate in decision making process which increase equity.”
Safaricom Ethiopia continues to expand its network and services across the country, leveraging its fast 4G data network to offer digital solutions that support community development, youth empowerment, and the digital transformation of Ethiopia.