Oct 29 2024
Safaricom Ethiopia is pleased to announce the expansion of its network coverage across the Somali Region, fully covering Gode, Kebridehar, Kebribeya, Degehabur, Wajale, Awbare, and towns in between.
This expansion reaffirms our commitment to enhancing connectivity and digital financial services for communities across Ethiopia.
Speaking at the announcement ceremony in Gode, CEO of Safaricom Ethiopia, Wim Vanhelleputte said: “Our expanded network coverage significantly improves connectivity for communities and advances accessibility, open new opportunities for both individuals and businesses across the Somali Region. Our presence in areas like Gode shows our commitment to connect people to people, people to knowledge, and people to opportunities. With our fast 4G network now available, residents and visitors to these towns can enjoy high-speed data, bringing us closer to our vision of a connected Ethiopia.”
The Mayor of Gode Town, Abdulahi Ali Haji, praised Safaricom Ethiopia’s efforts to strengthen digital infrastructure in the region, stating: “Expansion of infrastructure, especially digital technology, is vital to the development of our community. Safaricom Ethiopia’s network expansion and support in the education sector contribute significantly to our development goals. Therefore, I want to reiterate our continued support for Safaricom Ethiopia in its endeavor to expand its network and bring positive change to the region.”
In addition to providing reliable connectivity, we have prioritized Digital Financial Services through M-PESA, which has seen a commendable adoption across the Somali Region, marking one of the highest usage rates in Ethiopia.
We will also open a regional office in Jigjiga to closely follow up on the expansion of the network and ensure service quality in the region. The regional office will provide more employment opportunities.
Alongside our network expansion, we have shown a strong commitment to digitizing education and through solidarity support. Recently, we have donated 100 laptops, 20 routers with six months of unlimited data, and school supplies valued at 5.5 million ETB to students and schools in Tog Wechale, Jigjiga, Gode, Kebridehar, Degahabur, and Kebribeya. In addition, we also rebuilt the Jigjiga marketplace, which was devastated by fire in July 2023, supporting the city’s recovery and reaffirming its commitment to the Somali Region’s growth.
Safaricom Ethiopia is on a mission to lead a national effort to transform lives, enabling growth and development by leveraging its digital network and community initiatives to support connectivity, education, and economic resilience.