Apr 16 2024
Safaricom M-PESA Mobile Financial Services Plc and Arifpay Financial Technologies s.c have signed an agreement to provide M-PESA services on Arifpay’s payment systems.
The agreement enables customers and merchants to utilize M-PESA Services to make and receive different payments through Arifpay’s online payment system and Arifpay Point-of-Sale (ArifPOS).
Under this agreement, Arifpay will leverage its payment processing platform to integrate and enhance M-PESA services, ensuring a more robust and user-friendly experience for customers. This collaboration will enable Safaricom M-PESA users to enjoy an expanded range of digital financial services, Arifpay value-added services and enhance the accessibility and efficiency of M-PESA services.
Speaking about the collaboration, Paul Kavavu, General Manager of M-PESA Safaricom stated: "We are excited to partner with Arifpay to enhance the M-PESA experience across various digital payment platforms. The partnership makes M-PESA more accessible to our customers and helps develop the M-PESA experience. This collaboration underscores our commitment to providing convenient and reliable financial solutions that positively impact the lives of millions across the country."
Arifpay’s Partnerships and Marketing Director, Melka Girma, added: "We are excited to join forces with M-PESA Safaricom in Ethiopia and the potential M-PESA brings to Ethiopia. This partnership will enable both parties to expand their digital payment services, increase their merchant bases and user adoption as well as provide value added service solutions. Together, Arifpay and M-PESA Safaricom will leverage their expertise and technology to deliver enhanced financial solutions that meet the evolving needs of users, driving financial inclusion and prosperity in Ethiopia."
The partnership between Safaricom M-PESA and Arifpay reinforces their shared vision of leveraging technology to empower individuals and businesses, driving financial inclusion and economic growth in Ethiopia.