Dec 27 2024
Safaricom M-PESA, enters a new strategic partnership with Nyala Insurance to integrate Nyala Insurance into the M-PESA ecosystem, allowing the company to offer its customers secure, efficient, and seamless mobile payment options for insurance services.
Through this partnership, Nyala Insurance customers will now have the ability to make premium payments, policy renewals, and other insurance-related transactions directly via M-PESA. This will enhance convenience for customers, making insurance payments faster and more accessible, and contributing to the broader adoption of mobile financial services across Ethiopia.
As part of the agreement, Safaricom M-PESA will provide Nyala Insurance with access to the M-PESA platform, enabling it to accept mobile payments in real time. This will allow Nyala Insurance to reach a wider customer base, streamline their payment processes, and offer greater flexibility to their clients, further driving digital financial inclusion in Ethiopia.
“This partnership underscores our commitment to supporting Ethiopia’s digital economy by providing businesses like Nyala Insurance with the digital tools they need to connect with customers in a more efficient way and enables mobile payments to be more accessible, convenient and time saving”, says Elsa Muzzolini, Chief Digital Financial Services officer – Safaricom M-PESA.
“We are thrilled to partner with Safaricom M-PESA, a leader in digital financial services in Kenya with a promising foothold in Ethiopia. This collaboration allows us to deliver unparalleled convenience to our customers, enabling them to access our services seamlessly and securely through M-PESA. By leveraging this partnership, we are reinforcing our commitment to innovation and enhancing customer satisfaction by making insurance transactions simpler and more efficient,” says Ato Tegegn Masresha, Chief Customer Officer of Nyala Insurance.
This partnership with Nyala Insurance strengthens Safaricom M-PESA’s ongoing mission to expand access to digital financial services across Ethiopia. By working closely with ecosystem players, we aim to ensure that our services meet the unique needs of Ethiopian businesses and consumers, empowering them to fully participate in the digital economy, to offer customers more flexible, secure, and convenient ways to manage their financial transactions.
Safaricom M-PESA, remains committed to supporting the realization of Digital Ethiopia by collaborating with local partners and leveraging their deep understanding of the market to provide tailored digital financial solutions.