Apr 5 2023
Safaricom Ethiopia has today launched its first national consumer promotion that will see over one million customers rewarded for joining and using products and services on the 07 network.
The 13-week Terek be Gursha promotion will award customers unique codes for buying a Safaricom SIM card or recharging their lines with airtime, buying packages or using WhatsApp bundles.
Each customer will receive a maximum of 10 unique codes per day that will enter them into a draw to win either daily, bi-weekly or monthly prizes.
The prizes include:
“Today’s event is really about saying thank you to our customers in our own small way through the launch of our first national consumer promotion. The Terek be Gursha promotion will award over one million customers over the next 13 weeks and they will be eligible to win prizes including 3 cars, 7 Bajajs, 7 motorbikes, phones, tablets and daily Safaricom airtime when they join the network, recharge their lines and buy packages. We are building a business with the customer at the heart of what we do and as we grow, we would like to recognize and award customers for walking this journey with us,” said Anwar Soussa, CEO, Safaricom Ethiopia.
For every 10 Birr spent either on airtime top up, or buying Voice, SMS or Data packages, existing Safaricom customers across the country will receive 1 code.
New customers who join the network by buying a SIM card and topping up within 24 hours will receive 3 codes and 7 codes will be awarded for those using the free 1GB WhatsApp package.
The promotion which is also open to Safaricom’s enterprise customers, runs until July 4th2023 and will reward over one million customers throughout the 13-week period across regions in Ethiopia where the Safaricom network has been switched on.
To increase chances of winning, customers are encouraged to continue topping up their Safaricom lines or buying our affordable packages for Data, Voice or SMS.
There will be automated bi-weekly lottery draws in partnership with the National Lottery Authority to determine prize winning customers.
Winners of the cars, Bajajs, motorbikes and devices in the Terek be Gursha promotion will receive a call from a Safaricom Ethiopia representative using only the number 0700 700 700 with instructions on how to claim their prize, and winners will be awarded in their cities of residence at Safaricom shops.
For airtime prizes, customers will receive an SMS from Terek be Gursha and their accounts will be automatically recharged.
The national promotion intends to bring on board more customers and reward existing customers on the 07 network, through a chance to win prizes.
“Our vision with this national consumer promotion is to use our products and services to contribute to the livelihoods of our customers across the country. We’re a business in a unique position to drive positive change and with this national promotion, we are challenging ourselves to create greater value for customers across Ethiopia,” said Anwar Soussa, CEO, Safaricom Ethiopia.
Since starting its operations with customer pilots in August 2022, and following its national launch ceremony in October 2022, Safaricom Ethiopia has grown its subscriber base to 2.8 million customers across Ethiopia.