Apr 9 2025
The first cohort of 38 students of the transformative technology training program by Safaricom Ethiopia, Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) and Gebeya, successfully completed their six-month trainings and celebrated their graduation on Sunday, 24 March 2024.
The comprehensive training program, a collaborative effort between Safaricom Ethiopia, JICA, and Gebeya, was designed to bridge the digital skills gap and empower young Ethiopians with the expertise needed to excel in the ever-evolving technology industry. The curriculum covered a wide range of disciplines, including Mobile Application Engineering, Back-end Engineering, DevOps (Development Operations) Engineering, and Fundamentals of Software Engineering for Junior back-end engineering.
Safaricom Ethiopia recognizes the growing demand for skilled professionals in the technology industry, particularly in the fields of back end and mobile app engineering. Accordingly, the training contributes to addressing the skills shortage, ensuring equitable access to digital education, improving training relevance by aligning educational outcomes with the practical requirements of the tech industry, and laying the groundwork for scaling by using insights gathered from this phase as basis for the strategic expansion of the program.
"We are thrilled to have contributed to the empowerment of these students. Their talent and dedication are truly impressive, and we believe that their contributions will play a significant role in the advancement of the digitalization process in Ethiopia. We are grateful to Gebeya and JICA for their collaboration in making this training program a reality," said Masahiro Miyashita, Chief Strategy Officer of Safaricom Ethiopia.
The program catered to graduates who have already undergone computer science and STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering & Mathematics) courses. With the first round of training completed, interested candidates need to follow up on notifications for the second round of applications.